# Team Meeting #10- 30/09/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Alex*

## Attendance (5/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [ ] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [ ] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:
- User testing
- Video
- Upcoming audit
- Handover

## Content from the meeting
- User testing
  - User testing today at 2pm
  - Don't have much time to action feedback we get from user testing
  - Can bring up with the audit that we've done user testing - we can explain which ones we're prioritising and working on, and which ones are less important and will unlikely to have time to work on
- Video 
  - Storyboard
    - Title
    - Intro to project
    - Our problem (what to implement)
    - Team intro
    - Our solution approach
    - Backend (algorithm and criteria)
    - Database (Firebae and MongoDB)
    - Front end (manage timetable, manage data, wiki)
    - Impact of project (clients / stakeholders)
- What to present at the audit
  - Are we happy with the project's current state?
  - In a spot where we can show the full thing and it will work
  - Manage timetable page
    - Still has a few glitches Matthew will try to finish before 2pm
  - Presenting what kinds of issues we've been working on
  - More structure to the audit than last time
  - Need to update the landing page - auditors don't tend to follow all the links
  - Should remove any extra branches
- Handover
  - Everyone who's done something, write up something
  - Need to ensure we have both user and developer documentation
  - Installation and running it (developer install instructions)
  - Should merge into main from dev
  - Server setup documentation
  - Batch script for easier install?
- Decisions and reflections
  - Have made decisions - need to make sure they're documented
- Discussion with Belinda
  - User testing, what we're doing, "COMP" in course codes, login and security, user testing Wednesday
