# Team Meeting #4- 19/08/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Alex*

## Attendance (6/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [ ] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Talk over the VM we got from the SoCo Facility team
- Talk about user testing
- Have a demonstration we can show the user testing if we can.
- Organise with Belinda about talking with some staff members
- Giving the documents/images/videos that Belinda wanted.
- Talk about Audit 2 next week.
- LDAP Authentication
- Branches
- Shadow team document

## Content from the meeting

- Still need some more signatures for the statement of work and team charter
- VM from SoCo Facility team
  - Have tried to get it to work, doesn't seem to be working
  - Giving permission denied error when trying in the password
  - Will need to go back to SoCo facilities team
  - Will ask them about trying to get more people onto the dev server
- User testing
  - Filip has made a few mock ups of colour schemes on the timetable page
    - Those will be sent off to the two users and Belinda to get their input on what colour schemes they prefer
    - A few different ones will be developed in that kind of realm (e.g. shades, random, etc.)
  - Next week we will start getting actual user testing
  - Ability to change the tutorial room was added last night
  - Remaining changes will be UI changes on the manage timetable page, and ability to go back and edit old timetables (not a priority)
  - Should try to get the manage data page done before testing (this is the page that lists all of the course information)
  - Concern with Firebase at the moment we have daily(?) usage limits that we can quite easily exceed
  - Would be good to the database set up before we start user testing so we don't hit the limits
  - About page? Not implemented at the moment
  - Deliverable: will get them to actually use the front end
  - Backend - going to generate a some schedules that can be sent off to see how well they compare to what they would create
  - Data management page - almost done, will push tonight
- Organise with Belinda about talking with some staff members
  - Technically done - already have the names of 2 staff members (Filip knows)
- Giving documents/images/videos that Belinda wanted
  - Be good to show these artefacts on the GitHub repo
- Audit 2
  - Filip not able to make the morning meeting next week, able to text if needed
  - Ensure team charter and statement of work is fully signed
  - Ensure that we're following up on our reflections
  - Should expand more on the resources and costs section about the server
- Review Hexuan's pull request and merge 
- LDAP authentication
  - Login feature stops you accessing things on the front end without being logged in
  - Seems to be an npm page `https://www.npmjs.com/package/ldap-authentication` which seems to allow you to check if the user is able to log in
  - Need to check for security issues with this!!!
- Branches
  - The two frontend branches are still being used so will not be deleted at the moment
- Shadow team document
  - Shadow team sent a week 3 fortnight report
  - Basically just a rundown and a reflection of what they did
 
## Decisions
- Will try to get as many people in person as possible for the tutorial, so we can work on getting our audit presentation done. Will try to book in Hive so we have a quiet space to work
- The two frontend branches are still being worked on so will remain on GitHub - make sure dev is pulled into them so they get the most up to date changes
- Get testing with Belinda done on Friday so it can be done before the audit meeting next week

## Action Items
- Should expand more on the resources and costs section about the server
- More emphasis on tutors/shadows being stakeholders in the project
- Setup of MongoDB server
- Ensure we have risk register
- Create slideshow for audit, can get it going in the tutorial this week
  - What the project is
  - Setup on GitHub / GitHub projects
  - Project status
    - Server
    - Front end
    - Database
    - Backend
  - Live demonstration   
  - Future plans -> timeline
  - Decision log
  - Reflection log
- Need to let Belinda know we're making some minor changes to the statement of work and get that reapproved
- Need to invite Belinda to the audit
- Need to find a time at the audit
