# Team Meeting #13 - 21/10/2024



*Meeting Minutes by [Name]*



## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):



- [] Alex Boxall

- [] Hexuan Meng

- [] Filip Mazur

- [] Edward Nivison

- [] Rachel Cao

- [] Sineeha Kodwani

- [] Matthew Cawley



## Agenda:

Weekly agenda items:

- Go over the reflection logs, and ensure that there are sufficient progress being made on them. Make some reference to the comment that they are relevant to in the issue to show progress.

- Go over any decisions and log them as completed, implemented, or not started, they should all have issues to them, and should show progress.



Per meeting agenda:

- Go over user testing that occured.
- Spend time on Handover process.
- send follow up to facility team?
- Talk with Belinda and say thanks.
- Talk about features and any performance issues or bug issues.
- Talk about WPP?

*Enter agenda here*



## Content from the meeting



*Enter content from the meeting here*



## Future Meetings



*Enter future meeting notes here*
