# Team Meeting #3- 12/08/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Alex Boxall*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [ ] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Reflect and feedback on the development checklist, anything missing, what should be changed, is it clear how we should be using the issues that have been created as well for the ease of documenting decisions and reflections
- Branch cleanup
- Timeline
- Progress
- Reflect on the audit feedback

## Content from the meeting

- Development checklist
  - Have detailed how to do things
  - Can be done in more detail
  - Set up some issues that can be references to keep all the decisions and reflections all in once place
  - Can later on be added to the decision/reflection log from there
  - Should link it to the landing page to show that it's there - will put underneath handover process
- GitHub
  - GitHub proejcts: Can remove completed issues from last semester GitHub projects - Matthew to do
  - Should also go through and clear up the branches
- Timeline
  - Planned for this week: front end, back end, developing support documentation, database development
  - Continue working on front end and back end
- MongoDB and server:
  - Still haven't gotten a reply from the facilities team - Edward to follow up this week
  - Still have the security, etc. that needs to be implemented - can still do work without the database
  - Worth taking a look into whether they have a local version, otherwise can take a look and see if online version interacts in the same way if not
- Testing
  - Matthew can start doing some unit tests for the backend
    - e.g. writing tests checking how well it works, e.g. how good it's going
  - For testing the schedule we could have a feedback form/survey/rating/etc. for how good the generated schedule is so we can get feedback as to how well the fitness function is working
- Audit reflection
  - Tutor didn't rank output very highly, apart from that the other people gave all sections highly
  - Need to include tutors/shadows, etc. in the stakeholder analysis - but this is already in the landing page!
  - Will talk to tutor in tutorial about explaining the output, etc. mark
  - 

## Future Meetings

*Enter future meeting notes here*
