# Team Meeting #11 - 7/10/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Alex Boxall*

## Attendance (6/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [ ] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Audit
- User testing

## Content from the meeting
- Reflection log
  - Will add links to issues in the reflection log
- Audit 3
  - Rough outline from last week about the audit
    - Elevator pitch
      - Sineeha
    - Team members
      - Sineeha
    - Teamwork (Teams, GitHub, etc.)
      - Sineeha
    - Scope (SoW)
      - Matthew
    - Output (demo)
      - Filip for product
      - Alex for development/structure
    - User documentation (wiki)
      - Edward
    - Handover process
      - Edward
    - Decisions / reflections
      - Rachel 
  - Should design the output section around the scope / SOW / success criteria
  - We address the success criteria from SOW
    - Uploading data
    - Algorithm can generate schedules
    - UI lets people make changes
  - Should also include what's been worked on this semester
  - Need to also plan out who will say what part
- User testing
  - Lena: Do we try to reschedule or just send her the link
    - Probably best to try to reschedule it (probably be Friday or Monday next week)
  - Also got user testing tomorrow afternoon
- Talk to facilities for getting a non-development server
  - Edward to email them this week
- Login
  - Filip to try to implement a very simple login feature so something's there for the audit
  - And write a document for development purposes how the front end and API work so we can address that in the handover
- User testing last week
  - Should make the course list sorted
  - Should strip user inputs of `COMP` prefix
  - Select all / select none buttons
  - Most of this doesn't need to be implemented by the end of sem - can be left as future work
  - Should throw warning when switching into a smaller room
  - 
