# Team Meeting #12 - 14/10/2024



*Meeting Minutes by [Name]*

*Agenda by Edward Nivison*



## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):



- [] Alex Boxall

- [] Hexuan Meng

- [] Filip Mazur

- [] Edward Nivison

- [] Rachel Cao

- [] Sineeha Kodwani

- [] Matthew Cawley



## Agenda:

Weekly agenda items:

- Go over the reflection logs, and ensure that there are sufficient progress being made on them. Make some reference to the comment that they are relevant to in the issue to show progress.

- Go over any decisions and log them as completed, implemented, or not started, they should all have issues to them, and should show progress.

Agenda Items

- Audit reflections
- delegation of tasks
  - frontend bugs (manage data and others)
    - multiple lectures
    - other bugs
  - backend adjustments
    - user testing tweaks
    - other things if you have found something
  - login page
  - handover documentation (everyone to do something)
  - user testing
- User testing today
- talks with anu facility team
- talk with belinda about project
  - future
  - what we are delivering
  - what she thought of audit
  - any burning questions
  - user testing of others??
 
Edward - I can't make it today. travelling back so let me know if anything is major and I will get back as soon as possible.


Per meeting agenda:



*Enter agenda here*



## Content from the meeting



*Enter content from the meeting here*



## Future Meetings



*Enter future meeting notes here*
