# Team Meeting #6- 02/09/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Filip*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [x] Alex Boxall
- [ ] Hexuan Meng
- [x] Filip Mazur
- [ ] Edward Nivison
- [ ] Rachel Cao
- [ ] Sineeha Kodwani
- [x] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Reflect over the feedback from the tag reports that will have released by now.
- Ask Belinda about issue [#106](https://github.com/mazfil/lab-allocator/issues/106). Adding a colour scheme selector.
- See if we have any updated info on user testing. What we should aim for is to get the database up and going soon. So we can hand off for user testing in their own time as well with just the test data that we have. (We should keep a copy of the original if we are worried about it getting too modified).
- See if we have reached any issues with developing in the VM.
- We should be developing user documentation if you are not developing on the backend, frontend, vm, etc. We can be looking at setting up a wiki for help documentation in the frontend, you can make a simple HTML file to show this. It would be good to have some style to it, but we can work on that later, as long as the information is correct and useful it should be ok.
- We should be developing the backend and frontend development documentation as well. Just detailing what are important functions for the program, think of scenarios that would be necessary for the future developers to modify, such as new requirements for the fitness function, some bug happening with API communication, such as versions having not-yet seen vulnerabilities that someone might need to patch. Anything that someone that might need to upkeep our software would like to have some quick info about. We can assume that they know general standards, how things would usually work. It is the School of Computing Facility team that is keeping the project runing in the future.
  We should also have some "fun facts" on the software as well, if people are interested in how the program runs and finds the "best" solution. So we should detail how the fitness function works, how the algorithm would iterate from the given schedule, to making its final schedule. It should also show how a modification is considered when managing the timetable in the frontend. Any communication that is being done from the beginning to the end of when the user is using the program at a high level.

## Content from the meeting

### Development Discussion
Filip will begin setting up the frontend to use the database on the server. Alex will aim to begin implementing the database in the algorithm.
Matthew will provide assistance to the backend.

Work on frontend needs to be more distributed, still tasks that need to be completed by other group members.

## Future Meetings

- Reflect over the feedback from the tag reports that will have released by now.
- Ask Belinda about issue [#106](https://github.com/mazfil/lab-allocator/issues/106). Adding a colour scheme selector.
- See if we have any updated info on user testing. What we should aim for is to get the database up and going soon. So we can hand off for user testing in their own time as well with just the test data that we have. (We should keep a copy of the original if we are worried about it getting too modified).
- See if we have reached any issues with developing in the VM.
- We should be developing user documentation if you are not developing on the backend, frontend, vm, etc. We can be looking at setting up a wiki for help documentation in the frontend, you can make a simple HTML file to show this. It would be good to have some style to it, but we can work on that later, as long as the information is correct and useful it should be ok.
- We should be developing the backend and frontend development documentation as well. Just detailing what are important functions for the program, think of scenarios that would be necessary for the future developers to modify, such as new requirements for the fitness function, some bug happening with API communication, such as versions having not-yet seen vulnerabilities that someone might need to patch. Anything that someone that might need to upkeep our software would like to have some quick info about. We can assume that they know general standards, how things would usually work. It is the School of Computing Facility team that is keeping the project runing in the future.
  We should also have some "fun facts" on the software as well, if people are interested in how the program runs and finds the "best" solution. So we should detail how the fitness function works, how the algorithm would iterate from the given schedule, to making its final schedule. It should also show how a modification is considered when managing the timetable in the frontend. Any communication that is being done from the beginning to the end of when the user is using the program at a high level.
