# Decision Log

We are keeping the decision log as a Google Sheets for ease of writing them out as the tabling structure of markdown is finicky, and it is easier to move things around in a google sheets form.

[Decision Log]([https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TmZKWuuxpqiZpOMa73VKO0U_JGO1ZUpUU4_eis5USIk/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oskDGMkfkzdrmtNMLF5hAFBFKMAqcMn5JNsqAPCYPAM/edit?gid=0#gid=0))

Decisions sourced from Team Discussions, Team Meetings, Audits, cilent meetings and Actions made by the team.

Updated and kept as a log by Rachel Cao

Decisions to be added to the google sheets above:

## Template

| Decision | Status | Stakeholders | Outcome | Due Date | Owner |
|----------|--------|--------------|---------|----------|-------|
| Example Decision | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | Stakeholder 1, Stakeholder 2 | Outcome of the decision | DD-MM-YYYY | John Doe |
| Another Decision | ![DECIDED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/4caf50/000000&text=++DECIDED) | Stakeholder 3, Stakeholder 4 | Outcome of the decision | DD-MM-YYYY | Jane Smith |
| Yet Another Decision | ![NOT STARTED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/909590/000000&text=++NOT+STARTED) | Stakeholder 2, Stakeholder 5 | Outcome of the decision | DD-MM-YYYY | Sam Johnson |




## Decision Log

| Decision | Status | Stakeholders | Outcome | Due Date | Owner |
|----------|--------|--------------|---------|----------|-------|
| Audit Video | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | Project Team, Shadow Team, Tutors/Examiners | We have decided to make a video (or a gif) to show how the backend works, the prototype of the UI design, and possibly the database and network structure (theoretically). | 20-03-2024 | Edward Nivison |
| Revision of SoW | ![NOT STARTED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/909590/000000&text=++NOT+STARTED) | Project Team, Client | We are looking into a revision (more an update) to the Statement of Work, with updated goals, priorities, UI decisions, and much more | 20-03-2024 | Rachel Cao, Edward Nivison |
| Reviewing of Pull Requests | ![DECIDED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/4caf50/000000&text=++DECIDED) | Project Team | We have laid out the conditions and best practices for the request and merging of pull requests from branch to branch. 1. is to use branches to keep working code on a higher branch than the dev branch. 2. Have multiple reviewers review the pull request before merge 3. Make sure commits are properly named, have supporting documentation and appropriate commenting on any new additions (or respective changes to previous comments if majorly affected). | 20/03/2024 | Alex Boxall, Edward Nivison, Hexuan Meng |
| Using Firebase | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | The Project | We decided to use firebase as a storage solution for the data in the algorithm and the lab allocator front-end | 08-04-2024 | Filip |
| Expected outputs from Client | ![DECIDED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/4caf50/000000&text=++DECIDED) | Client | By the end of the semester, the client would like to have a prototype that accepts dummy data to spit out an allocation for a single week. This does not need to be completely and fully optimised but would like a proof of concept. | 02-05-2024 | Team |
| For the display of the timetable | ![DECIDED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/4caf50/000000&text=++DECIDED) | User | Decided to use fullcalendar.io for the frontend timetable display | 30-04-2024 | Filip |
| Using GitHub for Issues and task management | ![DECIDED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/4caf50/000000&text=++DECIDED) | Team | We have decided as a team, that it would be easier to have everything centrally located (i.e., all located in the same place) so we are using GitHub Issues and GitHub Projects to better organise the team development process. | 06-03-2024 | Edward |
| Physical Server | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | Development Team | We are in the process of figuring out how to do a physical server to host the front and back end of the project, but we are keeping the database on the firebase for this semester at least. We will be in contact with ANU facilities in the coming weeks about the process and what we will need to do to get it up and running. | 07-05-2024 | Edward, Filip, Alex |
| New format for course_data | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | Frontend and Backend | In the process of solidifying the data format (as in adding to the already known elements such as course name, time duration, etc. Just fixing some syntax and excessive variables.) | 04-05-2024 | Filip, Alex |
| Fitness Function | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | Backend | Working on the fitness function, to improve, and create new fitness variables to create a better suited allocation timetable. | 25-04-2024 | Matthew, Alex |
| Using Figma for design of the frontend | ![DECIDED](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/4caf50/000000&text=++DECIDED) | Client, Team | Decided to use figma to draw up designs of what the frontend might look like at the project completion, so we could gather feedback from the client on what is good or bad. | 18-03-2024 | Filip, Sineeha |
| Handover Process | ![IN PROGRESS](https://dummyimage.com/150x35/FFE000/000000&text=++IN+PROGRESS) | Team, Future Team | We have drafted up a plan from what we have talked about over the semester, and have a summary in the landing page. In the next team meeting we will draft up a document, and links to relevant information about the development process and how-to's that are relevant for taking over the project. | 05-05-2024 | Edward |
