# Tutorial Meeting #4- 08/05/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward*

## Attendance (7/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

To complete the final audit, lay out what we have done over the semester, what we plan to do in the future, and our current state of the project and client satisfaction.

Also to give feedback on the shadow team

## Content from the meeting

Things for us to do.

- Look at Google services for hosting
- Ask them for advice on local/remote web hosting - can be a bit tricky
- Make a super-admin for adding other users
- Look at costs for running the GA (how much energy does it need?)

Shadow team now has their project hosted using Melbourne IT university servers to host on the domain "picture.au".

## Future Meetings

Write up reflections on the audit results, feedback and work towards a final prototype that we can teach Belinda how to use and perhaps aid in the next semester of timetable lab allocation.
