# Tutorial Meeting #8 - 02/10/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (2/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- What is it exactly that you are looking from us in regards to the final audit, especially as a second semester team.
- You likely talked about the hand over process, and in regard to that, what level of hand over process is required, and we can show the template that we have for it. Just a template at the moment, because we need to collage all the documentation we have made over the year into the new directory for it.
- We have gotten multiple comments on the project output, so I want to ask if what we have for project output is sufficient enough, and ask for any clarification on what people might find difficult about our project page for the audit next week.
- Adding onto that, Charles sent this to the edstem. ![https://edstem.org/au/courses/18016/discussion/2255007.](https://edstem.org/au/courses/18016/discussion/2255007).
  ![thumbnail_image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/527d5627-f4cd-4f46-bb36-0d47858b781e)
  I would like to go over our landing page and ask what we should change or update for the next audit. Having something that is constantly updated feels unnecessary as we have a project output folder that we irregularly but still often enough update with screenshots and descriptions on what we are doing. There are details on how to view GitHub Issues and the GitHub Projects to view what is being done, and what has been done. Just wanting to know what else you guys want from us, as we are working on delivering the product to the client in these final weeks.
  
## Content from the meeting

We will be doing our Audit at 6:00pm in the normal tutorial time (5:00pm-7:00pm) during the audit week.

15th of October, Hive. Networking event. Normal tutorial time.

Project video, same stuff that is on the website. Nothing new. ![here](https://comp.anu.edu.au/TechLauncher/current_students/evaluation/project_video/)

Add links to both reflection and decision logs.

Add a description of what the output for the semester in a single file for easy reading.

Include the stuff done in the presentation for the audit.

## Future Meetings

AUDIT TIME!!!!
