# Tutorial Meeting #5- 21/08/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward*

## Attendance (?/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- We will talk about the audit requirements, such as what the risk register is.
- Ask if it is ok to present with a walkthrough of our github repository and a short demo.

## Content from the meeting

- The tutor is unsure about the risk register, and defined it as something that you define all the risks in. This is similiar to the risk assessment that we have already completed. But for clarity sake I have added something by its name and an explanation of how we identify and solve risks.
- She said it was ok as long as we meet the marking criteria.
- We secured the 5:00pm-5:30pm slot for our team.

## Future Meetings

- We will be in the audit tutorial next week presenting and watching the shadow teams presentations too.
