# Tutorial Meeting #2 - 13/03/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Filip Mazur*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Feedback for audit from week 3

## Content from the meeting

The main agenda for the next tutorial will be planning for the next audit.

Right now our output is mainly doccumentation, however, given this is the start of the project its expected. We have started with nothing so we have made significant leaps in our development beginning as well as our designing and establishing robust documentation standards.

Weve been increasing our documentation, weve created our decision log format, and creating github projects to work on the organisation of the project.

Team chats being cluttered hasnt been addressed - however we're slowly starting to make things more organised making shorter threads and keeping important things in their own places. **We should still address cluttered team chats.**

There we're some areas where we were lacking in client communication however, we have addressed this and are being conscious of our communication with the client.

**We need to address the reflection logs and start doing reflections.**

In relation to the server and using the dev vs final:
- We could get a budget for using cloud services potentially (contact convenor) 
- We could also use an AWS development account and using a Maching Image (MI). After development we could move the MI to the production server hosted on Campus.
- We could host locally for development too.


**Make sure you assign a quality to each piece of feedback by the end of the week.**




## Future Meetings

Next week we are planning for the next audit.

We should speak about how we have addressed the last feedback in the next audit. We should also look at what we can be doing better.