# Tutorial Meeting #9 - 09/10/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (6/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

## Content from the meeting

### Feedback

- Can you view old versions of the timetable (shadow team)
- Have you considered things like labs after lectures? (marker)
- Have you considered rooms that don't need a computer lab? (marker)
- How has the communication between the client and team been (tutor)
- What hasn't been met in the scope (e.g., login, anything else) (tutor/marker).

### Questions and notes for shadow team

- The character design was laid out last audit as well, have you implemented these characters into the gameplay? Also do they have unique animations or the same for each class?
- Is there any concerns with using free assets in this game?
- Where can we find things in the repository?

## Future Meetings

*Enter future meeting notes here*
