# Team Meeting #8- 23/09/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Alex*

## Attendance (6/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [ ] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:
- Conflict of lecture times and tutorial times
- Wiki page
- Video
- User testing, shadow team meetup

## Content from the meeting
- Conflict of lecture times and tutorial times
  - Do we need to warn about them clashing on the front end? 
  - No, shouldn't matter which way its done on the front end because the backend will not schedule it that way
- Manage data page
  - Was working on campus last time Filip tested it - was on dev branch though
  - Matthew done some work on it, now on campus and able to check if everything works
- Wiki page
  - Backend function documentation included
- Upcoming deliverables
  - Currently in week 8, video/poster is due in week 9, showcase event unknown
  - Video will be very similar to last semester, have done a lot of work that we can show in that from last semester
  - 3 minute video, 300 word description of team, and PDF
- Video
  - Should focus on acheivements over the entire course and future directions
  - Can upload it to YouTube
  - Context and scope of problem, approach of the solution and the impact of the project
  - Marked on production quality and visual engagement
  - Rachel happy to work on it - Edward to happy to contribute after working on front end
- Front end work and user testing
  - Edward to start working on the nav bar to all the pages
  - Should set ourselves a due date for getting all of the frontend work done
  - As soon as the tutorial room overlap bug is fixed the frontend will be done
  - Okay to give to the shadow team to test on Wednesday
  - Ideally we get everything done by Sunday so we can test on Monday or Friday next week
  - Filip to reach out to them about testing on Wednesday-ish
  - Belinda has said we do user testing at latest week 9 so can get feedback before audit - testing with Belinda can happen on Monday and the rest of the staff Mon/Fri
  - User authentication still missing - Hexuan can work on it??
- Shadow team testing?
  - Filip to contact shadow team today
  - Should be able to access with the link - and should only have one user use it at a time
  - Edward, Filip, Matthew, Rachel able to attend
- Meeting with Belinda
  - Send her Teams message saying Filip will give email update
  - We can give her the link to the current dev version
  - Also a page on GitHub we have that contains updates that we've done
- Getting a "proper" server
  - Do we need it available off campus?
  - Can change `laballoc-dev` to `laballoc` and upgrade to a non-dev server when we're getting very close to being done
  - Don't need to start doing that yet
- Backend updates
  - Backend can log to front end when something goes wrong

