# Team Meeting #7- 09/09/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Weekly agenda items:
- Go over the reflection logs, and ensure that there are sufficient progress being made on them. Make some reference to the comment that they are relevant to in the issue to show progress.
- Go over any decisions and log them as completed, implemented, or not started, they should all have issues to them, and should show progress.

Per meeting agenda:

- Go over this ![Issue](https://github.com/mazfil/lab-allocator/issues/116)

*Enter agenda here*

## Content from the meeting

- Major piece of feedback we got from the audit was that we need to make sure we're going back to our decision and reflection logs
- Will go through them in each meeting
- Have added new columns to decision/reflection logs
- How best do we show progress on feedback we receive?
  - Can we link to different issues or commits?
- Stakeholder engagement
  - Good, but should look at trying to engage with more SoCo members
  - Can't until the frontend is completed
  - Haven't heard back from Sineeha about the manage data page
  - User documentation has been started but incomplete right now
- Need to make sure we all add to the agenda before each meeting
- Spokespeople don't need to be the only contacts
  - Other team members not sure what's been talked about with Belinda, so should CC other team members in with emails
- Need to give clients agenda items before the meeting
- Allocation of teamwork
  - Bit of a misbalance in GitLab
  - Should try to self-assign yourself to issues, but might need to allocate if still unbalanced
- GitHub might be getting a bit confusing for auditors to read through and find the relevant information
  - Need to ensure they can see the project outputs and contributions
- Concerned about the breakup of admin vs output
  - Should be spending more time doing actual work and output on the project instead of admin
- API being used by frontend - backend will try to switch to that as well
- Format of the database isn't documented right now, but just has the two main collections, and the same internal format as the Firebase version
- Focus on getting through the more important work - can implement less important things at the end if we have time
- Should try to get everyone to one meeting at least once a month - haven't had perfect attendance for a lot of meetings


## Client Meeting Notes
- Gave update on the fact that user testing is going to be delayed
- With backend rankings - everyone who is using the system should have access to the documentation about how it allocates
  - Everyone probably has their own ideas as to what a good allocation is, and so this documentation ensure we know that it is working
- Yes, would be good to give agendas to Belinda before client meetings


