# Team Meeting #6 - 17/04/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (5/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Catch up on what is going on since last meeting, e.g., what has happened over the teaching break. Regain a team understanding what the plan is and redefine any deadlines that might have passed and need to be extended.

## Content from the meeting

Resolving old github branches and issues that are not relevant.
Talked about figuring out build version for intellij. 

Some UI changes from a previous meeting to be added as decision logs or other form of record.
- Change logs recording to server.
- Colours to be more prominent for selected courses.
- Solution for multiple people accessing the program at once is to monitor it in real life. (temporary solution, that is to be solved after market).

Merged spring branch to dev branch. to allow communication between the backend and frontend.

## Future Meetings

Ask Filip about some of the UI decisions including drop box.
