# Team Meeting #2- 05/03/2024
*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*
## Attendance (6/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:
Organise for the Audit tutorial tomorrow, including an agenda, a structure of how we present the project to the tutorial and more (could be a presentation, could be whatever, for reference look at some of the EdStem discussions).

Discuss the design of the backend algorithm. This means getting a start on it, making sure everyone has a universal (or close enough) IDE, the same programming language versions, etc.

Discuss any needs review or next team meeting issues on GitHub

Discuss the layout of the GitHub (especially what technical reports are).

Try and get the task management stuff working trello, github projects, etc.

Get a start on coding...

## Content from the meeting

### Tomorrow's Audit
- How to split up the presentation - needs to be 12.5 minutes of a presentation and then 12.5 minutes for question times
- Will make a Google Doc for typing out what we need to work on, will write down the points that we can talk about - around 2 minutes each
- Will use Canva for the presentation itself
- Google Doc link here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r7Fszz5tYsW9u6y8hQBuVOfm7iuCf_780zprvwGX3bM/edit?usp=sharing
- Canva link here: https://www.canva.com/design/DAF-msIMp9w/NZ4hKyk_-IFKfNf41MPwKw/edit
- Will need to discuss the project itself, not just the documentation in the audit report
- Can show them the notes on GA done so far, as well as links to research that's been done previously
- Could each talk about our role in the project and what we expect to be doing
- Should try to finish it tonight so that tomorrow we can sort out how to present it, can all work on our own slides
- Most of us looking to join in person (tutor online though)
- Will need to ensure that we invite Belinda to the tutorial - spokespeople can do that
- Do we need weekly meetings? Not necessary but should have regular meetings - at least fortnightly, recommended weekly
- Could also talk through the stakeholder analysis / constraints?
- Schedule.Allocation of slides done on Google Docs
- Need to also discuss how we manage the repository e.g. what our folder structure looks like
- Good to have visuals on the slide instead of a heap of texts
- Need to submit 4 things by Friday about the team, shadow team, contribution and feedback
- Don't have feedback yet for doing a reflection

### Backend Design
- Java for the backend language? (discussed in the last meeting)
- Could use any IDE (e.g. VSCode, IntelliJ), up to each team member's preference - would need to ensure that we use the right JDK version, etc.
- Probably just get the most recent version - will look at that after the meeting
- Notes in the documentation folder about how genetic algorithms - will likely use this for the backend design
- Alex to start a Java project and upload it to Github, and to start adding the framework for writing a geneitc algorithm

### Repo Structure
- Already got folder for documentation, we should set up folders for source code too (probably one for UI, backend, and data)
- Documentation for the project itself
- 'Technical reports' folder is required (it was in the README), it's currently empty - it might have project documentation or development information
- Need to ensure we document our development so that someone else could join the project / read / use the code
- Need to continue looking into what techincal reports are

### Task Management
- Could just use Github issues? What are the advantages of something else?
- Would be good to find an integration with e.g. Trello and Github - Matthew to look into that
- Might get crowded in issues unless we're really on top of things, and labels, etc.
- Filip to get tasks setup on Github


## Future Meetings

- Will meet up before the tutorial (2-3pm Wednesday), will do a run through of the presentation
- Will try to book a room in one of the libraries, if not we can go to Marie Reay
