# Team Meeting #8 - 30/04/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (7/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Organise and talk about video submission.
- Prepare for Audit 3
- Organise communication and availability for upcoming meetings.

## Content from the meeting

Our main talking points of the meeting were regarding the video that is to be made for the showcase and also the audit week that is coming up.
We are also looking at availabilities for meetings in the coming week as well. Each section of the project (Backend, UI, Admin, etc.) spoke to eachother about how
integration together will look like, and Admin focused on how to display all the progress properly through github.

We have also made a script document that we are collaborated on in Google Docs to have a rough idea of what the video should be sounding like.

Main Decisions made:
- The Timeline for the video and the structure
- Poster content
- [Filip] Deciding to use fullcalendar.io for the frontend timetable display.

![Video Timeline](https://github.com/mazfil/lab-allocator/blob/main/docs/meetings/team-meetings/img/30-04-24-Timeline.jpg)

![Video and Poster Criteria](https://github.com/mazfil/lab-allocator/blob/main/docs/meetings/team-meetings/img/30-04-24-VideoPosterCriteria.jpg)

![Tasks to Complete](https://github.com/mazfil/lab-allocator/blob/main/docs/meetings/team-meetings/img/30-04-24-Tasks-To-Do.jpg)

## Future Meetings

- Proof read any scripts and create video for upload on friday.
- Revise any design decisions on poster.
- Re-iterate any necessary items to be completed before audit 3 week.

- Talk about the handover process, summary is in the landing page. But should be a proper document that entails everything there is to know about the process and how to pick it up.
