# Team Meeting #7 - 23/04/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (4/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Catch up on weeks work and resolve any issues with integration or general backend or frontend development.

## Content from the meeting

Talks about how the data structure the backend will output. (Filip <-> Alex)
Discussions on front end (Filip <-> Sineeha)
Admin discussion on GitHub repository etiquette such as roadmaps, issues, pull request layouts and acceptance, etc. (Edward <-> Team)
- Remember to keep road map updated to when you start and expect to finish items/issues in the standup.
- Remember to write down or notify myself (Edward) of any major decisions that should be noted in the decision logs.

## Future Meetings

- Revise any decisions that have been made since last meeting
- Talk about upcoming video submission for Showcase
- Talk about upcoming Audit 3 week and prepare for it.
