# Team Meeting #3- 06/03/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (7/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Our agenda for this meeting will be to practice and finalise our preparations for the audit tutorial today including organising slideshows and document notes to be ready for the audit tutorial.

If time allows, we should instruct the team members on how to use GitHub projects to organise tasks, create dummy tasks, create issues from the tasks and whatever else we can use in that situation.
We can then designate someone or a group of members to organise the tasks page to reflect a more detailed approach to our plan for the project.

## Content from the meeting

We worked on the presentation and what we would cover in the presentation. As well as working on our individual speeches and practiced to make sure we were in time.

We discussed how to use the projects tab in GitHub and will be setup to reflect the roadmap and features for the coming semester.

Below are the links to the presentation and speeches.

[Canva Presentation](https://www.canva.com/design/DAF-msIMp9w/NZ4hKyk_-IFKfNf41MPwKw/edit)
[Edward and Rachel's Speech + notes *will need permission to view*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wAqQrHdYigx1JuhPu2s08gmMl0OfHEZbPMLS9Rtg3JY/edit)

More detailed notes are below:
- Project management and agile development 
  - Could either use Trello or Github projects
  - If using Github projects may need to do the project alongside the issues - would need to remake issues
  - Trello has plugin support for both Teams and Github
  - Better to do it sooner than later if we're switching
  - Not too familiar with either - will need to check what is best to use
  - Could use kanban board (ready, in progress, in review, etc.)
  - Will continue to use Github projects as there doesn't seem to be too much of an advantage to Trello vs Github Project
  - Priority levels? Yes Github projects seems to have that (using fields/tags)
  - Should do user stories - should have meetings for that at some point

- Audit presentation
  - Need to ensure that we meet the criteria, we seem to have done so
  - Need to add a slide about the IP - need to choose project license at some point - Alex to add
  - MIT seems like a good license if we want it freely available, need to check with potentially sensitive university data (enrolment numbers)
  - Need to more formally get the IP / software license sorted, especially for the uni data
  - Can remove agenda slide

## Future Meetings

For future meetings we should be looking at resolving/reflecting on the feedback we receive in the tutorial session today. This means that we will have to redefine certain aspects of the project as well.
