# Client Meeting #2- 13/02/2024

*Meeting Minutes by [Name]*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Front end requirements and who specifically in the admin team will use them (contact details)

Are we deciding on the capacity of each lab, or do we just go with the maximum of the room's capacity and the tutor:student ratio?

How many 'spare spots' (overall, across all labs) do we normally have to allow for student flexibility.

What kind of resources do you have familiarity with and would like the UI to look like. Is there something in your mind of what the end product would look like (potential drawing of it).

Some further clarification on the data we are handling and the security needed for it.

Talks on licence as well for the project.

## Content from the meeting



## Future Meetings
