# Client Meeting #5 - 02/05/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward*

## Attendance (4/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- What Belinda Expects for the output
- Will this be a continuing project next semester. What would still be done for the next semester
- When is Belinda available for the audit tutorial
- Explain to Belinda what is happening in the Audit 3 next week.
- Filip has questions to ask about UI design and data tables
- Why was our output low in the previous audit.

## Content from the meeting

Belinda expects the output for this project, to have a functioning prototype that accepts dummy data and produces a visual response, beyond that it does not have to polished,
or a beta stage (apart from being able to do dummy data entry). It should be able to do that to the point that she is able use it to help out with lab allocation. But does not have to
finished as she intends on continuing over the next semester.

Belinda is available during the 5pm or 5:30pm slot, we are reaching out to teams at the moment to slot that in.

It is better to avoid the true/falses
Have a start time and have a set time afterwards for the max lab time.
Less columns is better.
Should be good, just talk with eachother about data points that are needed.

Belinda had taken the question as "has the project output been finalised" as in the project was fully complete, and she marked it as halfway. It was an misunderstanding of the question and we have clarified what the meaning is by definition from the tutors.
She is happy to talk to tutors about it if that is necessary.

## Future Meetings

We aim to have a working prototype by the next meeting, or if earlier. We will reach out to send Belinda what we can via communication methods like email or teams chat.
